A docs update with production guide + restructured advanced guide (#2232)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/production-guide/understand-stacks.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Other stack components

There are many more components that you can add to your stacks, like experiment trackers, model deployers, and more. You can see all supported stack component types in a single table view [here](../../stacks-and-components/component-guide/component-guide.md)

> Perhaps the most important one after the orchestrator and the artifact store is the [container registry](../../stacks-and-components/component-guide/container-registries/). A container registry is a component that stores all your containerized images, which hold all your code and the environment needed to execute them. We will learn more about them in the next section!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perhaps the most important stack component after the orchestrator and the artifact store is the [container registry](../../stacks-and-components/component-guide/container-registries/). A container registry stores all your containerized images, which hold all your code and the environment needed to execute them. We will learn more about them in the next section!
```

```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Run a pipeline on the new local stack

Let's use the pipeline in our starter project from the [previous guide](../starter-guide/starter-project.md) to see it in action.

If you have not already, clone the starter template:

```bash
pip install "zenml[templates,server]" notebook
zenml integration install sklearn -y
mkdir zenml_starter
cd zenml_starter
zenml init --template starter --template-with-defaults

# Just in case, we install the requirements again
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<details>

<summary>Above doesn't work? Here is an alternative</summary>

The starter template is the same as the [ZenML quickstart](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/tree/main/examples/quickstart). You can clone it like so:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:zenml-io/zenml.git
cd examples/quickstart
pip install -r requirements.txt
zenml init
```

</details>

To run a pipeline using the new stack:

1.  Set the stack as active on your client

    ```bash
    zenml stack set a_new_local_stack
    ```
2.  Run your pipeline code:

    ```bash
    python run.py --training-pipeline
    ```

> Keep this code handy as we'll be using it the next chapters!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep this code handy as we'll be using it in the next chapters!
```
